ARF
all right well here we have it
battlefield bad company 2 and I know
some of you might be upset that I didn't
finish that song and I can actually give
you either the name of that and I think
I'll put it at the end of this video as
well this is going to be a review of
battlefield bad company 2 and I'm going
to go ahead and start with a multiplayer
right now I logged in earlier and got
all of my keys and everything put in so
that way it would help you know with the
video and get you guys in and get you
you know an idea of what it's like
playing battlefield bad company 2 i'm
actually going to speed this video up a
little bit starting about right now
because i have to add some friends to my
friends list and then once i get that
done i'm going to go ahead and join
straight through them because they want
me to play with them and this is going
to be my first time playing on the pc i
played this once at my friend's house
and i was very impressed by it and i
wanted to buy it i knew that they had
some issues with their servers but i
read on their website that those issues
are getting resolved very quickly
according to EA alright so i actually
have to speed up the video four times
faster to get it all to fit into this
review i know that might sound like a
lot but i just want you to see you know
to know that this is actually four times
faster than what i can do what I'm doing
right here is changing the graphics
making sure they're all in the lowest
settings so that way I get the best
results for the review you know
recording with fraps and everything i'm
updating the server list here and looks
like we're waiting for it to go I do
have my friends on my friends list now
we're all in the process of doing the
same thing and one of them here in a
second is going to tell me that they got
into a server so I'm going to go ahead
and log out log in and go over to them
and click on it something happen oh it
said cannot find game so here we go
loading the servers this is what I was
told to do by the people who have been
playing it so alright please wait yeah
ok buttons room keep movin on movin on
another please wait error and another
error so at this point I'm asking them
over teamspeak you know what's the deal
and I did bring up the steam thing there
too
just cuz i was bored I guess and they
said over teamspeak to just keep trying
it keep trying it see if it goes and I
told them you know I'm clicking the
arrow but it's not even giving me the
please wait with an error behind it now
and they said all right we'll try the
server list so I try to get that and we
sit here for I don't know probably good
40 or 50 seconds and nothing happens so
I get upset with that still not getting
any please waits here and they said to
log out log back in so here we go i'm
going to log out log in connect it
updated my stats which I thought was
retarded because I haven't been able to
play yet I know that you can see my
mouth shaking a lot and that's usually
showing a bit of frustration but you
know it's great game once once you
actually get into it here so let's let's
keep going I'm going to keep clicking on
this and we're going to get in this
today and I will I will make this review
so I'm still clicking here and I'm
having a bit of an issue with it alright
so I'm thinking to myself now should am
I even like connected so I'm going to go
and I'm gonna drop this here a couple
more tries maybe and I'm gonna go
straight into the my stats now i'm
looking at my stats here everything says
0 because i haven't been able to play
yet but it brought it up leaving me to
think i'm online so i go to the
automatic join game that didn't work
either all right i'll make this review
for single player i know that it says
multiplayer review but i want to get you
guys something I got to give you
something so here we are this is it I'm
going to give you some single player
action and this is this is going to show
you at least kind of what the game looks
like well I mean the menu is really nice
right i mean you know the guy comes
towards you and he goes back and that's
that's pretty cool effect i guess i mean
when you're watching this four times
slower that guy doesn't come at you so
quickly so this is getting ridiculous
now i'm going to go ahead and all set
for the game
and restart it and I'm going to bring it
back up for you i would give you the
awesome intro music that i stole from a
completely different EA game i hope this
gives you a good idea of what it's like
playing battlefield bad company 2 I mean
this has been my experience with it
since i bought it and i'm very pleased
with it this great game and i'm gonna go
ahead and run that music that i promised
you and let you finish watching the
review for yourself
me
you